RN 42355 (#4446)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Advanced_Modules/Dashboards_and_Low_Code_Apps/GQI/Extensions/GQI_Extensions_Logging.md

[2024-04-22 10:19:13.188 DBG] [c6a3d4bf] [71ba5588] Value for '2' is 'Burgundy'
[2024-04-22 10:19:13.189 DBG] [c6a3d4bf] [71ba5588] Value for '3' is 'Carmine'
```

With later DataMiner versions, the log message will instead be available in a file named after the extension library, located in the *C:\ProgramData\Skyline Communications\DataMiner GQI\Logs\Extensions* folder:

```log
[2024-04-22 10:19:13.143][INF][ExampleLibrary.Operator1][SKYLINE2\Kevin][c6a3d4bf][71ba5588]  Column to log: Color
[2024-04-22 10:19:13.184][DBG][ExampleLibrary.Operator1][SKYLINE2\Kevin][c6a3d4bf] [71ba5588] Value for '1' is 'Alizarin'
[2024-04-22 10:19:13.188][DBG][ExampleLibrary.Operator1][SKYLINE2\Kevin][c6a3d4bf] [71ba5588] Value for '2' is 'Burgundy'
[2024-04-22 10:19:13.189][DBG][ExampleLibrary.Operator1][SKYLINE2\Kevin][c6a3d4bf] [71ba5588] Value for '3' is 'Carmine'

> ```

Author: @skyline-rge, I extrapolated this example based on the available information. Could you double-check if I got everything right?

Reviewer: It's almost exactly right.
Only watch out for the difference in spaces + I would also mention the exact file name since this is a concrete example and for consistency with the example above.

```suggestion
With later DataMiner versions, the log message will instead be available in a file named *ExampleScript_ExampleLibrary.txt*, located in the *C:\ProgramData\Skyline Communications\DataMiner GQI\Logs\Extensions* folder:

```log
[2024-04-22 10:19:13.143][INF][ExampleLibrary.Operator1][SKYLINE2\Kevin][c6a3d4bf][71ba5588] Column to log: Color
[2024-04-22 10:19:13.184][DBG][ExampleLibrary.Operator1][SKYLINE2\Kevin][c6a3d4bf][71ba5588] Value for '1' is 'Alizarin'
[2024-04-22 10:19:13.188][DBG][ExampleLibrary.Operator1][SKYLINE2\Kevin][c6a3d4bf][71ba5588] Value for '2' is 'Burgundy'
[2024-04-22 10:19:13.189][DBG][ExampleLibrary.Operator1][SKYLINE2\Kevin][c6a3d4bf][71ba5588] Value for '3' is 'Carmine'
```
```
